[options]
allow_bold = true
audible_bell = false
clickable_url = true
dynamic_title = true
font = SF Mono 12
icon_name = terminal
scroll_on_keystroke = true
scrollback_lines = -1
urgent_on_bell = true
hyperlinks = true
browser = google-chrome-unstable
cursor_blink = on
cursor_shape = ibeam
filter_unmatched_urls = true
scrollbar = off


[colors]
foreground =        #eeffff
foreground_bold =   #eeffff
foreground_dim =    #8c8c8c
cursor =            #eeffff
cursor_foreground = #212121
background =        rgba(17, 17, 17, 0.8)

# black
color0 =            #212121
color8 =            #4a4a4a

# red
color1 =            #f07178
color9 =            #f07178

# green
color2 =            #5af78e
color10 =           #5af78e

# yellow
color3 =            #ffcb6b
color11 =           #ffcb6b

# blue
color4 =            #57c7ff
color12 =           #57c7ff

# magenta
color5 =            #c792ea
color13 =           #c792ea

# cyan
color6 =            #89ddff
color14 =           #89ddff

# white
color7 =            #eeffff
color15 =           #ffffff

# Extra colors
color16 =           #f78c6c
color17 =           #ff5370
color18 =           #303030
color19 =           #353535
color20 =           #b2ccd6
color21 =           #eeffff
